The examination through multiple academic disciplines of the 9/11 attacks demonstrates the significance of the attacks and how it extends beyond just the events of that day. American culture was fundamentally reshaped by the attacks and continues to influence society more than two decades later. From a historical perspective, 9/11 transformed how the United States approached national security, terrorism, surveillance, and military interventions. The policies that were enacted in response to the attack continue to affect governmental authority and public life. The means to help process the grief, trauma, and uncertainty was provided by literature, while allowing for the exploration of questions related to identity and cultural conflict. The emotional impact of the attacks are difficult to capture and preserve with only historical records, novels were able to capture these impacts for future generations. The attacks revealed how a major event can change the perceptions of a religious community. Islam was pushed to the forefront of discussions on religion, extremist fundamentalism, and the relationship religion has with violence. Society was encouraged through philosophy to examine difficult questions concerning liberty, security, ethics of war, and justice. Public policy and discussions continue to be influenced by these debates. Society’s evolving understanding of terrorism and the War on Terror is reflected by the fine arts. The tragedy, uncertainty, and complexity of the attacks and the following years was captured by the artistic responses. When the 9/11 attacks are viewed collectively through these disciplines it is clear that it was not simply a terrorist attack. It was a turning point in American culture that altered how Americans view and think about national security, identity, religion, morality, and memory. Understanding the attacks through the interdisciplinary impacts helps to explain the legacy of 9/11 and how it continues to influence American society today.